Iris Felshman


Phone: (773) 988-4117
Email: iris.felshman@gmail.com
Website: https://echoe.github.io
Github: https://github.com/echoe


--Experience--
October 2012 - PRESENT
WiredTree, Chicago│Linux Systems Administrator, Level 3
At this job, I am one of the people answering support tickets opened for our 5000+ servers. I was hired as a Linux neophyte, but have been able to expand my knowledge over time to a point where I have been the senior administrator on shift for over a year now - I help and guide others, as well as make changes myself. My current duties include:
* Answering a variety of helpdesk queries in a timely fashion and resolving server configuration issues - Apache, MySQL, Exim, Bind, cPanel on CentOS 5/6/7 servers
* Building and fixing physical customer servers and troubleshooting physical hardware issues, including resolving RAID problems (Software and Adaptec/LSI/Acera RAID cards), swapping parts, reimaging disks, troubleshooting obscure boot issues, etc.
* Fixing a wide variety of software problems in bash, PHP, Python, and a world of different internal configurations (Magento/WordPress/Joomla/etc., Redis/Memcached/etc.)
* Writing a number of small scripts and how-to guides for our internal documentation to improve our methods: these are on my website and github, listed above.
* Assisting colleagues with queries and guiding them to (and sometimes through) correct solutions

May 2010 - May 2011
Barbara’s Bookstores, Chicago │Bookseller
At this job, I was responsible for selling books to clients by making suggestions and engaging in discourse about books. I was also maintaining the store - dusting, facing books, disseminating new stock, etc.


--Education--
May 2012 - August 2012
The Learning House│ TEFL Certificate for Teaching English as a Foreign Language
I earned this certificate in order to expand my ability to talk to groups and explore the world - I started it being completely unable to give a presentation, and ended up passing the class! This helped me in my pursuit of a number of soft skills - talking to groups and teaching - that I continue honing to this day.

January 2010 - May 2012
University of Illinois at Chicago│ Bachelor of Arts in Liberal Arts and Sciences
I earned a bachelor’s degree in English with a concentration in British Literature. I also completed a number of math and computer science classes before deciding that English better fit my life goals at the time.


--Skills--
Systems: Linux (CentOS)
Services: Apache, Memcache(d), Zend Opcache, APC, BIND, OpenSSH, CSF, Nagios
Tools: git, cPanel, r1soft, Confluence, Jira
Languages: Bash, Python, PHP


--Hobbies--
Outside of work I keep busy by playing music, purchasing and configuring various electronics, reading a lot of books, and writing - mainly poetry, but some fiction and essays. I also have a personal server which I have ZNC running on within a docker container, as well as a few other docker containers that I spin up/down for testing purposes (httpd and PHP7, nginx, etc).
