Eurydice was nervous.
The mood of the room was unduly serious, and she was the one bringing it. The seriosity. Her left leg vibrated with it, with that forbidden knowledge: she waited, in the waiting room, as still as someone waiting for pain could be: she waited for them to call her name and finally, for the doctors to take her back, and do whatever they do, and for the whole enterprise to finally go somewhere.
What would it be this time? What sort of fresh hell would be revealed? She didn’t know what was going to happen, but regardless, she knew it was going to be bad.
She knew it would be bad because, simply, it was always bad.

The first time Eurydice had gone to this specific doctor was two or three days after the accident. She and her mother Demeter were walking down the street of their neighborhood, amongst all of the brilliantly green foliage - it was always green when they were there, at least - and what she remembers happening wasn't something so animated as the heart attack that the doctors ended up diagnosing her mother with, to be honest. It seemed more like her mother had been walking with her, and then suddenly fell behind - initially Eurydice didn’t notice, and walked on for about ten seconds, before realizing that it was definitely odd that her mother was slowing down, and turning around. What she saw was her mother engaged in some sort of war with gravity and air currents, her body’s movements slowing not as though a string had been instantly cut, but as though a wind-up toy was losing the power from being wound up, and was returning to its original, unwound state. Demeter sunk to the ground, and at that point Eurydice thought it was an appropriate time to call 911 - her school had taught her how to do it, and she had a cellphone, the ownership of which also seemed appropriate at the time - and she gave the person on the phone directions to where they were. While this was happening, the person on the phone was also giving her directions: so Eurydice knelt down to her mom, to check her pulse. When she did, her eyes glanced across her mother’s - and they could both tell that whatever was happening was going to remain happened. It was a sea change in the world, something you couldn’t take back. She knelt there, staring for a few seconds - and then her mother’s eyes, which had been hopelessly lost with panic, suddenly resolved into a great knowingness. And then, so faintly that she maybe could have imagined it, her mother let out a single word:
“Sorry.”
They didn't let her ride with her mother’s body in the ambulance - but before the ride started she saw her mother still twitching occasionally, seemingly trying to get out of whatever was happening, but without success - a gradual slowness of movement that seemed unnatural. And by the time they got to the office itself - she saw the white sheet trailing itself into the ER - her mother appeared still, despite the efforts of the doctors. They ran her mom into a large white room, big, strong orderlies preventing Eurydice from going in after them, and when they returned, they did so with the sort of grim expressions that one reserves for these sorts of senseless tragedies.
As much as Eurydice could tell, what had happened was that Death had for some reason invaded her life, had taken up roots all around it, and was trying desperately to enmesh itself in her too. And it was Death that this team of doctors was damnably trying to prevent happening to her as well, for some reason she didn’t know. They didn’t know what had caused the onset of the disease that they’d diagnosed within the blood of both her and her mother’s body, and try as they might to further comprehend what they were seeing crop up within their monitors, it escaped them to large degree. But regardless of the efficacy of a remedy, there was a patient in serious need - one who would, seemingly, have a reaction similarly if they didn’t figure out what had happened - and so they’d decided on a remedy.
Her father was one of the first to offer her up to try the remedy, seemingly presuming that some solution is always better than no solution. ‘Save my daughter,’ he seemed to be saying, and those patriarchal men in white lab coats, bleaching out the blood from their sins on weekly laundry cycles, swore they would.
Of course they would. That’s what they said they did. But somehow, Eurydice was a trifle skeptical. And, to be honest, even beyond that there was an additional feeling - not quite one of skepticism, but more one of tiredness, like the doctors were trying to do something they shouldn’t. Like they were violating some rule of nature that none of them understood, in a misguided attempt to save her, and there was going to be some undetermined set of consequences.
You could call it foreshadowing.
So she’d waited for a few days - they didn’t know when it would happen to her, estimates ranged anywhere from immediately to after she was dead, but the general consensus was that it wouldn’t happen immediately but was an issue that would increase in likelihood over time - sitting at home, having been excused from the week’s classes. The excused absence slip read “Doctor X excused Eurydice Y from school due to great biological trauma.” Or thereabouts. She waited, and she waited, past the point where it made any sort of logical sense and into the terror of her own psyche.
And then, somehow, she came out the other end of waiting and directly into action, sitting in a lily-white waiting room with chocolate brown furniture that stood out, from both the attendants and the other surroundings. And she was whisked away to an operating room, wheeled by a nurse who gave her empty words of encouragement until she could talk to a doctor who would give her empty words of discouragement.
The doctor looked her up and down and drew a small vial of blood to confirm the initial readings. She left with it carelessly handled in a labcoat pocket, and then came back with an expression of grave concern.
“This is going to hurt for a few weeks as this works through your system. It's an extreme anticoagulant. Basically, your mother had blood clots throughout her system, and what this is going to do is forcibly unclot the entire thing.”
“Is that it?,” Eurydice asked, naively. "That's all that's needed?"
“We can only hope,” she said. "We’d like to start the procedure now. Are you ready?"
Eurydice thought. The answer was no - something was poking her with unease, something at the edge of her consciousness, becoming more forceful - but she couldn't think of what the source of that apprehension could possibly be. She hadn't been prepared, and so she said "Yes." instead, for what sort of hysteria was it happening in her head, causing her to be so hesitant? Idly, she thought as the doctor left the room, perhaps they would fix that too.
The doctor returned with a dull blue vial of something unknowable. Needle placed to skin, and the fluid entered the bloodstream, and Eurydice immediately began to shake involuntarily.
Blooms of pain, as natural as growing vines, spread through her body. Big spiraling quakes of it ripped through her intestines. It felt like she was being neatly guillotined from the inside, and she thought immediately that this must not have been the intended effect. Her body was going to pieces both in and outside her.
"Change it back,” she said, quickly, her eyes growing wider and wider with the passage of time. Were the things that she was feeling even possible for a human to experience?
The doctor looked at her incredulously, and started to respond. “Are you seri...”
And they trailed off, because a small speck of blood started to seep out between Eurydice’s lips, which had looked so healthy only a few moments before. Eurydice looked at the doctor with as much concentration as she could gather - concentration that was sliding off the face of the earth - she was a clock in a Dali painting. The doctor's face, which had seemed so sure and smooth with the cold expectation of practice, slowly transformed itself into a sort of empathic terror. She could tell that this hadn’t happened before, but it didn’t necessarily make her feel better to notice that. Her consciousness faded like a summer rain, blanched in the powers of the sun and leaving dew glistening on grass to hopefully protect it from the coming heat. And with a tongue that felt like it was neatly spiraled into jagged parts, before her body completely flopped backwards onto the hospital bed, she was able to get out two words:
“It hurts.”
-
Eurydice woke up with as a cognitive start - thankfully not a physically echoed one, as it likely would have split her skin open in several places. Her barely focusing eyes transfixed on another doctor - different from the second one.
“Oh, thank god you’re awake,” she said. “We’ve injected you with a coagulant to reverse some of the damage.”
“Okay,” Eurydice said. Talking /hurt/, it hurt physically, but she knew the doctors were trying so very hard, and so she continued anyways, with words that were as small as possible: “Good. Thanks.” But the words were empty - she knew it would not be enough. And the doctors looked like they were trying so hard … and they were so hopeful.
“You’re stable for now, we’ll send in a nurse in a minute,” the doctor said, leaving. Eurydice had nothing to do but wait - and so that’s what she did. Her wounds felt like they were healing up … but the edges were slick with blood, the old connections interrupted by that copious substance, which felt like it was leaking everywhere. An IV with a bag of blood had been set up but it didn’t appear like it was doing anything - she could feel the blood that had been planted there sliding in and out of her body in equal measure, like food you ate and then regarded with some distaste in your body waste a day later. 
Eventually a nurse entered through the door - she knew because of the creaking sound of the door, mostly - and they said, in a deep, friendly voice, “Has anyone told you what’s happening now? Why you’re here?”
Eurydice licked her tongue and found it wanting, shook her head to one side as though to indicate no and found it painful like seeing shooting stars out of the side of her head.
“No?” the nurse said.
“No,” Eurydice said, keeping her head still. To explain the succinctness, she continued: “Talking hurts.” 
“Oh, I’m sorry,” the nurse said, sitting down on a nearby chair. “So I thought you would like to know, because this is … nobody’s seen anything like it. We ran an MRI on your body while you were passed out to see what exactly happened. It looks like there are … rips, through your body.”
He looked at Eurydice to see how she replied, but Eurydice was busily trying not to move, so in fact she didn’t reply at all. 
“So, the initial problem seems to be … this is just what Doctor X thinks … but it looks like both you and your mom have a rare genetic disorder that creates this blood-thickening fluid within your body. At some point - maybe when you were born? - there was a severe injury that happened … throughout your body. There are scars everywhere. But they weren’t separated, because of the fluid. It kept the whole thing together so well that it didn’t look like anything had ever happened at all. We looked at the prior MRIs you’d had, as well as your mother Demeter - who, you should know, appeared to have similar issues - and they didn’t show this at all.”
He tapped a pen on the MRI charts, which he was glancing at as he talked, as if to reassure himself of his understanding of the situation. “With your mother, this blood thickener worked too well. So our idea was that we were going to give you blood thinners, and clear up the thickener in your blood.” 
Eurydice remained unmoving. There was no other sound than the ping of the heartbeat on the monitor. Time paused, each sensation a new experience of tragedy. 
The nurse looked over his charts.
“You look all right,” he said. “I’ll be back in a little while and we’ll prep you for surgery.”
Hm?, she thought, and then after a pause of a few seconds she realized she cared enough to say ‘Hm?’ and risk her tongue splitting open, but the nurse did not hear it and had already fled the room. So apparently they were going to operate on her, for some reason. Who knew why?

Eurydice played games inside her head - maybe, in the end, she could pretend to be an exquisite corpse. Ah, but that one is so boring, sometimes, isn’t it? She thought back to three days ago - was it five? - time was so loose, now - and compared her position to her mother’s. Two people - one too tightly wound together to live, and the other unraveling from the inside, too loosely wound together to exist. And everywhere there was death.
But maybe she should have just sealed herself up, instead, Eurydice thought.
“Okay,” the nurse said, bursting into the room with a doctor trailing him and a coterie of people around. “Time to go.” 
The movement of the gurney was murderous. But Eurydice couldn’t stop thinking of what she’s thought right before the nurse came - before they all came to start the surgery itself. 

Sealing herself up seems like it would have been okay, Eurydice thought as she was wheeled through multiple hallways laid out in an absolutely labyrinthean manner, the pain going on around her too dense to properly feel. Thinking about it … her body sealing itself up, just like what happened to her mother, seems like it probably was what was supposed to happen, actually. But they’d stopped it, and now they were in this race to figure out what was happening, before something terrible happened.

She remembered, now, a series of seemingly disconnected events. When she was five, her mother had gone on what her father had said was a ‘business trip’, and had returned only months later, wild-eyed and paranoid. And when she returned, she couldn’t stop apologizing. “I’m so sorry,” she said, even when it wasn’t necessarily obvious what she was apologizing for, and why. And frequently, when her mother looked at her, it was with her eyes in tears.

Eurydice always thought it was because she was a disappointment. She was fragile - nothing she did ever turned out right, she cried easily and her flesh was, as of now, covered in scars. And everything was always, invariably, her fault.
But, looking at it now … she thought that maybe her mother’s apologies weren’t sarcastic at all. And maybe what was happening wasn’t her fault, either. Maybe something that had happened, years and years ago, had altered the fate of the world - of her world, specifically. And her mother had apologized, over and over, because Eurydice wouldn't have the life she’d wanted - the life she dreamed of, when she dreamed (thought it was rare, it did happen). But that's what everyone has in life, isn’t it? A random collection of things that they don't expect, and don't necessarily even want. And sometimes it is pain.
The gurney shuddered violently to a stop, and the echo of that stop reverberated through her body. Eurydice opened her eyes, blinking to attempt to clear the picture in front of her. She was in the ER, or at least something that looked like it. There was a crowd of doctors around her. They all wore the same shocked, yet practiced expression. She put her hand on her stomach, which had been covered by a medical sheet, and felt … it. And this was when she knew that the docters were, invariably, too late. 

There was a surprisingly small amount of blood there now, but she could feel her body shaking itself apart regardless - as new blood was spilled out to the wiggles of what she’d hoped would have been stopped, by the initial sealing up of her body - the thing that had been loosed because of it, insistently poking its way up through her body, devouring whatever organs and body matter lay in its path as though it was a sort of flesh termite. She could do nothing but lay there and feel it traverse her body until it got to the end, which took actually substantially less time than you’d maybe expect, and she felt rather than knew the removal of two of her fingers, as they were laying across her stomach: she couldn't sit up enough to see what had happened, but she had a good idea.
And she thought she could see that shocked, yet practiced expression - on a few of the doctors - start to slip into outright, unpracticed terror, as the blood loss started to put her back to sleep. And she tried to say “I’m sorry.”, but she wasn’t awake enough to enunciate words, and she could tell that the hell she’d had unleashed from her body had surfaced, and it was so … hungry ...
-
Eurydice woke up several hours later, her whole body feeling like a fire. It was quiet, and something inside her was telling her that she had to move, that there was something /happening/. But she was still lying supine on the operating room - eyes closed, to avoid the glare of the lights - and so she experimentally moved her legs, and they hurt - they hurt so badly - but it felt, at least, that they were staying together, and they wouldn’t fall apart. And she moved her arms, and it felt much the same. Her skin screamed, but at the same time it toughened up, and it seemed like with use it would re-adhere to some degree: that everything just needed to be given time, and movement, and it would all come back.
And the bloody hole in her stomach, the exit wound - it seemed almost like it wasn’t a wound at all, at this point. All was as it had to be: all was as it was.
She opened her eyes, and could tell that she could look at things now - that it all seemed fairly together, that her body was, after a fashion, working again. So, to get off of the table, she sat up - with a small scream of pain as her back started to dislocate and then relocated itself, her spine luckily being malleable enough to withstand the blow - and looked around. No tools had been left in her, at least. She peered over the edge of the table - there were some tools on the ground, but nothing in the area of her feet - and stepped off of the table, her legs groaning with the weight and pressure of supporting her. She stood there, and she continued to stand there as her legs settled, for minutes - and then she felt like she would possibly be able to talk, took a single step - oh my god, did that hurt - why did everything always have to hurt? - and took another. There was a table nearby with a folder on it, and her mother’s name inscribed on the top. Her eyes widened a little bit, and she went to the folder, and read it as quickly as she could. She had to leave, but she also had to know.
There were weird anomalies within the autopsy of her mother, anomalies that they hadn’t seen fit to inform her of before, things that indeed had pointed towards the cause of her untimely demise not being a heart attack at all. They’d found a small black ... thing, hands and legs sealed with the wax, as one of the remnants of the whole enterprise - it had popped out of her mother in the emergency room, when they were trying to figure out what was happening before brain death, and they’d thought it perhaps was some sort of external parasite. That they’d only tested her for the same thing as a precaution. That it appeared, here, that the being had been completely sealed in by the wax within her mother and choked with it, murdered with it, in the same way that she, the daughter, would.
And in reading this, Eurydice realized - she had what you’d call a revelation. This is what should have happened to her. This being of pain and death, this ball of anger that had been sitting in the pit of her stomach - it was meant to devour her from the inside out, to take everything she’d hoped to do and ruin it. But it could not, now - it’d been surgically removed, inadvertently, with failure and accidents, and now it was … somewhere.
She exited the operation room and walked down the only available hallway perhaps twenty feet before she saw it. It was deep within the body of one of the doctors who had operated on her, who was moaning in pain - apparently the screaming wasn’t something that they could maintain for too long, so the volume had gone down, over time. And it saw Eurydice, and stopped. And she knew that what it was really looking for was her And if she looked at it directly, really looked at it, it would devour her, and that would be the end of all things. This was how it was supposed to work. And that was what was supposed to happen. And it was what she wanted, except … it wasn’t? She couldn’t face it, and turned away, and she ran - she ran down another corridor, as swiftly as she could - but it wasn’t swiftly enough, because she didn’t get /away/, the creature collided into her, and she closed her eyes, blocking her view, and it burrowed deeper in -
except it didn’t?
She opened her eyes. The creature had its teeth open. It was trying with all of its little heart to bore through, to break into her from the outside in and bore through her with the same extreme precision that it had broken out with. But it couldn’t. Her skin was the finest armor - those seams, hastily papered over, held so fast that not even a single tear was created, and she didn’t feel a thing. She looked at the creature, and after about twenty seconds of the creature attempting to make its way in and failing, the creature slowly - almost unwillingly - looked up at her.
“Hm,” she said, and petted it. Its mouth went over her hand again, and her fingers - which has been so recently eaten - went back to their places.
And she looked at it, fully. She looked at this thing that had almost killed her, this ravenous creature that had always been inside her - despite herself, she looked at it fully, in understanding -
and she realized what it was, and what she was. And she knew that even though it was outside of her - that she was able to make herself whole without it - it would always somehow, inextricably, be part of her -
and so she picked it up in her arms, and it grew quiet and stopped trying to eat:
and she carried it with her as she walked, covered in nothing but a medical gown, out of the hospital doors.